Extend docs (#1309)
automl/auto-sklearn: doc/faq.rst

    reasons we can only control the 1st way of parallel execution, but not the 2nd. Thus, the user
    needs to make sure that the lower level parallelization libraries only use as many cores as
    allocated (on a laptop or workstation running a single copy of Auto-sklearn it can be fine to not
    adjust this, but when using a compute cluster it is necessary to align the parallelism setting
    with the number of requested CPUs). This can be done by setting the following environment
    variables: ``MKL_NUM_THREADS``, ``OPENBLAS_NUM_THREADS``, ``BLIS_NUM_THREADS`` and
    ``OMP_NUM_THREADS``.

    More details can be found in the `scikit-learn docs <https://scikit-learn.org/stable/computing/parallelism.html?highlight=joblib#parallelism>`_.

Other
=====

.. collapse:: <b>Model persistence</b>

    *auto-sklearn* is mostly a wrapper around scikit-learn. Therefore, it is
    possible to follow the
    `persistence Example <https://scikit-learn.org/stable/modules/model_persistence.html>`_
    from scikit-learn.

.. collapse:: <b>Vanilla auto-sklearn</b>

    In order to obtain *vanilla auto-sklearn* as used in `Efficient and Robust Automated Machine Learning

>     `<https://papers.nips.cc/paper/5872-efficient-and-robust-automated-machine-learning>`_

Reviewer: This fails with the doc tests, I assume it just a case of removing the backtick before the `<https ...>` and perhaps making sure it's not spread out over a linebreak.

    is exhausted.

    **Note:** *auto-sklearn* requires all workers to have access to a shared file system for storing training data and models.

    *auto-sklearn* employs `threadpoolctl <https://github.com/joblib/threadpoolctl/>`_ to control the number of threads employed by scientific libraries like numpy or scikit-learn. This is done exclusively during the building procedure of models, not during inference. In particular, *auto-sklearn* allows each pipeline to use at most 1 thread during training. At predicting and scoring time this limitation is not enforced by *auto-sklearn*. You can control the number of resources
    employed by the pipelines by setting the following variables in your environment, prior to running *auto-sklearn*:

    .. code-block:: shell-session

        $ export OPENBLAS_NUM_THREADS=1
        $ export MKL_NUM_THREADS=1
        $ export OMP_NUM_THREADS=1

    For further information about how scikit-learn handles multiprocessing, please check the `Parallelism, resource management, and configuration <https://scikit-learn.org/stable/computing/parallelism.html>`_ documentation from the library.

> .. collapse:: <b>Auto-sklearn is extremely memory hungry in a sequential setting</b>

Reviewer: @mfeurer take a look at this.

Results, Log Files and Output
=============================

.. collapse:: <b>How can I get an overview of the run statistics?</b>

    ``sprint_statistics()`` is a method that prints the name of the  dataset, the metric used, and the best validation score
    obtained by running *auto-sklearn*. It additionally prints the number of both successful and unsuccessful
    algorithm runs.

.. collapse:: <b>What was the performance over time?</b>

    ``performance_over_time_``  returns a DataFrame containing the models performance over time data, which can
    be used for plotting directly (Here is an example: :ref:`sphx_glr_examples_40_advanced_example_pandas_train_test.py`).

    .. code:: python

        automl.performance_over_time_.plot(
                x='Timestamp',
                kind='line',
                legend=True,
                title='Auto-sklearn accuracy over time',
                grid=True,
            )
            plt.show()

.. collapse:: <b>Which models were evaluated?</b>

    The results obtained from the final ensemble can be printed by calling ``show_models()``.

.. collapse:: <b>Which models are in the final ensemble?</b>

>     ``automl.leaderboard()`` shows the ensemble members.

Reviewer: `leaderboard()` can show all evaluated models.

```rst
.. collapse:: <b>Which models were evaluated?</b>

    You can see all models evaluated using :meth:`automl.leaderboard(ensemble_only=False) <autosklearn.classification.AutoSklearnClassifier.leaderboard>`.
    
.. collapse:: <b>Which models are in the final ensemble?</b>

    Use either :meth:`automl.leaderboard(ensemble_only=True) <autosklearn.classification.AutoSklearnClassifier.leaderboard>` or ``automl.show_models()``
```

Author: Thanks, fixed

.. collapse:: <b>Is there more data I can look at?</b>

    ``cv_results_`` returns a dict with keys as column headers and values as columns, that can be imported into

>     a pandas DataFrame.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    a pandas DataFrame, e.g. ``df = pd.DataFrame(automl.cv_results_)``
```

.. collapse:: <b>Where does Auto-sklearn output files by default?</b>

    *Auto-sklearn* heavily uses the hard drive to store temporary data, models and log files which can
    be used to inspect the behavior of Auto-sklearn. Each run of Auto-sklearn requires
    its own directory. If not provided by the user, *Auto-sklearn* requests a temporary directory from
    Python, which by default is located under ``/tmp`` and starts with ``autosklearn_tmp_`` followed
    by a random string. By default, this directory is deleted when the *Auto-sklearn* object is

>     destroyed. If you want to keep these files you can pass the argument

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    finished fitting. If you want to keep these files you can pass the argument
```

    ``delete_tmp_folder_after_terminate=True`` to the *Auto-sklearn* object.

    The :class:`autosklearn.classification.AutoSklearnClassifier` and all other *auto-sklearn*

>     estimators accept the argument ``tmp_directory`` which change where such output is written to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    estimators accept the argument ``tmp_folder`` which change where such output is written to.
```

    There's an additional argument ``output_directory`` which can be passed to *Auto-sklearn* and it

>     controls where test predictions of the ensemble are stored if the test set is passed to ``fit()``.

Reviewer: We don't have this section, needs to be deleted

    Redundant models and their predictions (i.e. when we have more than 50 models) are removed
    everytime the ensemble builder finishes an iteration, which means that the number of models stored
    on disk can temporarily be higher if a model is output while the ensemble builder is running.

    One can therefore change the number of models that will be stored on disk by passing an integer
    for the argument ``max_models_on_disc`` to *Auto-sklearn*, for example reduce the number of models
    stored on disk if you have space issues.

    As the number of models is only an indicator of the disk space used it is also possible to pass
    the memory in MB the models are allowed to use as a ``float`` (also via the ``max_models_on_disc``
    arguments). As above, this is rather a guideline on how much memory is used as redundant models
    are only removed from disk when the ensemble builder finishes an iteration.

    .. note::

        Especially when running in parallel it can happen that multiple models are constructed during
        one run of the ensemble builder and thus *Auto-sklearn* can exceed the given limit.

    .. note::

>        These limits do only apply to models and their predictions, but not to other files stored in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       These limits only apply to models and their predictions, not to other files stored in
```

       the temporary directory such as the log files.

The Search Space
================

.. collapse:: <b>How can I restrict the searchspace?</b>

 The following shows an example of how to exclude all preprocessing methods and restrict the configuration space to

>  only random forests.

Reviewer: These 2 lines need to be indented I guess

    .. code:: python

        import autosklearn.classification
        automl = autosklearn.classification.AutoSklearnClassifier(
            include = {
                'classifier': ["random_forest"],
                'feature_preprocessor': ["no_preprocessing"]
            },
            exclude=None
        )
        automl.fit(X_train, y_train)
        predictions = automl.predict(X_test)

>     **Note:** The strings used to identify estimators and preprocessors are the filenames without *.py*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    **Note:** The strings used to identify estimators and preprocessors are the filenames in `components <https://github.com/automl/auto-sklearn/tree/master/autosklearn/pipeline/components>`_ without *.py*.
```

.. collapse:: <b>How can I turn off feature preprocessing?</b>

    Feature preprocessing is a single transformer which implements for example feature
    selection or transformation of features into a different space (i.e. PCA).

    This can be turned off by setting
    ``include={'feature_preprocessor'=["no_preprocessing"]}`` as shown in the example above.

.. collapse:: <b>Will non-scikit-learn models be added to Auto-sklearn?</b>

    The short answer: no.

    The long answer answer is a bit more nuanced: maintaining Auto-sklearn requires a lot of time and
    effort, which would grow even larger when depending on more libraries. Also, adding more
    libraries would require us to generate meta-data more often. Lastly, having more choices does not
    guarantee a better performance for most users as having more choices demands a longer search for
    good models and can lead to more overfitting.

    Nevertheless, everyone can still add their favorite model to Auto-sklearn's search space by
    following the `examples on how to extend Auto-sklearn
    <https://automl.github.io/auto-sklearn/master/examples/index.html#extension-examples>`_.

> 

Reviewer: I'm not sure distributing this over two lines will work, would need to check the generated docs.

    If there is interest in creating a Auto-sklearn-contrib repository with 3rd-party models please
    open an issue for that.

.. collapse:: <b>How can I only search for interpretable models</b>

    Auto-sklearn can be restricted to only use interpretable models and preprocessing algorithms.
    Please see the Section :ref:`space` to learn how to restrict the models
    which are searched over or see the Example
    :ref:`sphx_glr_examples_40_advanced_example_interpretable_models.py`.

    We don't provide a judgement which of the models are interpretable as this is very much up to the

>     specific use case, but would like to note that decision trees and linear models usually most

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    specific use case, but we would like to note that decision trees and linear models are usually most
```

    interpretable.

Ensembling
==========

> .. collapse:: <b>What can I configure wrt the ensemble building process?</b>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. collapse:: <b>How can I configure the ensemble building process?</b>
```

    * ``max_models_on_disc`` defines the maximum number of models that are kept on the disc, as a mechanism to control the amount of disc space consumed by *auto-sklearn*. Throughout the automl process, different individual models are optimized, and their predictions (and other metadata) is stored on disc. The user can set the upper bound on how many models are acceptable to keep on disc, yet this variable takes priority in the definition of the number of models used by the ensemble builder (that is, the minimum of ``ensemble_size``, ``ensemble_nbest`` and ``max_models_on_disc`` determines the maximal amount of models used in the ensemble). If set to None, this feature is disabled.

.. collapse:: <b>Which models are in the final ensemble?</b>

    The results obtained from the final ensemble can be printed by calling ``show_models()`` or  ``leaderboard()``.
    The *auto-sklearn* ensemble is composed of scikit-learn models that can be inspected as exemplified
    in the Example :ref:`sphx_glr_examples_40_advanced_example_get_pipeline_components.py`.

> .. collapse:: <b>Can I fit an ensemble also only post-hoc?</b>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. collapse:: <b>Can I explicitly fit an ensemble post fitting?</b>
```

>     To use a single core only, it is possible to build ensembles post-hoc. An example on how to do this (first searching

Reviewer: Not sure why the comment on single core is neccessary?

.. collapse:: <b>How is the meta-data generated for Auto-sklearn 1.0?</b>

    We currently generate meta-data the following way. First, for each of the datasets mentioned
    above, we run Auto-sklearn without meta-learning for a total of two days on multiple metrics (for
    classification these are accuracy, balanced accuracy, log loss and the area under the curce).
    Second, for each run we then have a look at each models that improved the score, i.e. the
    trajectory of the best known model at a time, and refit it on the whole training data. Third, for
    each of these models we then compute all scores we're interested in, these also include other
    ones such F1 and precision. Finally, for each combination of dataset and metric we store the best
    model we know of.

.. collapse:: <b>How is the meta-data generated for Auto-sklearn 2.0?</b>

    Please check `our paper <https://arxiv.org/abs/2007.04074>`_ for details.

Issues and Debugging
====================

.. collapse:: <b>How can I limit the number of model evaluations for debugging?</b>

>     In certain cases, for example for debugging, it can be helpful to limit the number of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    In certain cases such as debugging, it can be helpful to limit the number of
```

    model evaluations. We do not provide this as an argument in the API as we believe that it
    should NOT be used in practice, but that the user should rather provide time limits.
    An example on how to add the number of models to try as an additional stopping condition
    can be found `in this github issue <https://github.com/automl/auto-sklearn/issues/451#issuecomment-376445607>`_.
    Please note that Auto-sklearn will stop when either the time limit or the number of
    models termination condition is reached.

.. collapse:: <b>Why does the final ensemble contains only a dummy model?</b>

    This is a symptom of the problem that all runs started by Auto-sklearn failed. Usually, the issue
    is that the runtime or memory limit were too tight. Please check the output of

>     ``sprint_statistics`` to see the distribution of why runs failed. If there are mostly crashed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ``sprint_statistics()`` to see the distribution of why runs failed. If there are mostly crashed
```

    reasons we can only control the 1st way of parallel execution, but not the 2nd. Thus, the user
    needs to make sure that the lower level parallelization libraries only use as many cores as
    allocated (on a laptop or workstation running a single copy of Auto-sklearn it can be fine to not
    adjust this, but when using a compute cluster it is necessary to align the parallelism setting
    with the number of requested CPUs). This can be done by setting the following environment
    variables: ``MKL_NUM_THREADS``, ``OPENBLAS_NUM_THREADS``, ``BLIS_NUM_THREADS`` and
    ``OMP_NUM_THREADS``.

    More details can be found in the `scikit-learn docs <https://scikit-learn.org/stable/computing/parallelism.html?highlight=joblib#parallelism>`_.

Other
=====

.. collapse:: <b>Model persistence</b>

    *auto-sklearn* is mostly a wrapper around scikit-learn. Therefore, it is
    possible to follow the
    `persistence Example <https://scikit-learn.org/stable/modules/model_persistence.html>`_
    from scikit-learn.

.. collapse:: <b>Vanilla auto-sklearn</b>

    In order to obtain *vanilla auto-sklearn* as used in `Efficient and Robust Automated Machine Learning

>     <https://papers.nips.cc/paper/5872-efficient-and-robust-automated-machine -learning>`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    `<https://papers.nips.cc/paper/5872-efficient-and-robust-automated-machine-learning>`_
```
